# Masahiro Sakurai on "Work Ethics"

[https://youtu.be/ZTK6RJWQd6k](https://youtu.be/ZTK6RJWQd6k)

Good video. It reminds me of how I recently had this realization about game development: You need to have passion for the boring stuff, not just game design. Game development requires more than having passion for the idea. It involves marketing and managing a real business. It involves making games you may not like. For a long time, I thought gamedev was all about passionate developers working on their dream game. Now, I think this is far from the truth. I think most successful people in the game dev industry are working incredibly hard on tasks that are grueling. I do not think there are many successful game devs who only do the "fun stuff". 

So to be successful, or at least to have a decent chance, I need to be passionate about all aspects of the game development process. Including doing crap I really want to avoid. 

A list of things I should be doing more of:

- write regular dev logs
- make youtube a place for regular updates.
- build pitch decks
- come up with goals and set deadlines
- go to industry events
- make a REAL budget
- post on social media regularly
- have regular hours
- use naming conventions, refactor code regularly
- make a website
- make a press kit
- make an email template (for sending out invitations to streamers)
- make a newsletter and start getting emails
- ask more questions on social media (what should I call this? what color should this be? A or B? etc)
- try to foster a fan community
- find a musician (email me - dev@asfunas.fun if you are interested)
